dev plugin docs (#538)
awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: docs/using-the-jdbc-driver/using-plugins/UsingTheDeveloperPlugin.md

> ## Developer Plugin

Reviewer: Is this the name of the plugin? In the plugin list, its name is `dev` - is it worth renaming the doc or the plugin name so they match?

In case we expand the plugin functionality later, is it worth naming the plugin `devTools` or `developerTools` ?

> The Developer Plugin allows developers to inject a prepared exception to a connection, let the connection to raise this exception on the next call and let an application to process it. Some of the exception that the driver may raise is quite hard to get and it's by the nature of such exceptions. For example, network issues may cause the driver to raise various timeout exceptions. However it may require substantial efforts to design and to build a testing environment where such timeout exceptions could be produced with 100% accuracy and 100% guarantee. If test suite can't verify such network outages cases with 100% accuracy it significantly decreases the value of such tests and makes the tests flaky. The Developer Plugins simplifies testing of such scenarios as shown below.

Reviewer: Big paragraph. I would suggest splitting it in two. (Just breaking it adding a space line somewhere).

Ideally, i would start with one sentence with a simple overview of what it does, then continuing with the description.

```
The Developer Plugin is a plugin that allows developers to inject a custom exception to a connection for testing/debugging purposes, and see how the application will handle it.
[space]
Since some exceptions raised by the drivers happen only rarely/seldomly, testing for those might be difficult or require a lot of effort in building a testing environment. Classic examples of those are network outages. Etc...
```

> > :warning: The plugin is NOT intended to be used in production environments. It's designed for the purpose of testing.

Reviewer: NIT: Maybe this comment should go before this paragraph, just so it's clear for users

### Simulate an exception while opening a new connection

> In order to raise a test exception while opening a new connection, it's possible to use global `ExceptionSimulatorManager`. Once the exception is raised it's cleared up in `ExceptionSimulatorManager` and another attempt to open a new connection goes normal.

Reviewer: Before this line, I would suggest adding a one-liner introducing the ExceptionSimulationManager and saying what it does.

ex:
```
The plugin introduces a new class ExceptionSimulationManager that will handle how a given exception will be passed to the connection to be tested.

In order to raise a test exception while opening a new connection, one should first create an instance of the exception to be tested, then use raiseExceptionOnNextConnect in ExceptionSimulationManager so it will be triggered at next connection attempt.

Once the exception is raised, it will be cleared and will not be raised again. This means that the next opened connection will not raise the exception again.
```

```
final Properties properties = new Properties();
properties.setProperty(PropertyDefinition.PLUGINS.name, "dev");

final SQLException testExceptionToRaise = new SQLException("test");

> ExceptionSimulatorManager.raiseExceptionOnNextConnect(testExceptionToRaise);

Reviewer: is there a flag that would mention how many times the users wants this exception to be thrown?

Connection connection = DriverManager.getConnection("jdbc:aws-wrapper:postgresql://db-host/", properties); // that throws the exception

Connection anotherConnection = DriverManager.getConnection("jdbc:aws-wrapper:postgresql://db-host/", properties); // it goes normal with no exception
```

### Simulate an exception with already opened connection

> A new `dev` plugin should be added to connection plugins parameter in order to be able to intercept JDBC calls and raise a test exception when conditions are met. Similar to previous case, the exception is cleared up once it's raised and subsequent JDBC calls should go normal.  

Reviewer: 1- i think we should mention to add `dev` to properties before we get here, once at the top and that's it

2 - Mention that the plugin needs to be in the connection properties in order to use it with an open connection. ex:
```
It is possible to also simulate an exception thrown in a connection after the connection has been opened. It is only possible if the `dev` plugin has been added to the connection properties beforehand.
```

3- The first example uses `raiseExceptionOnConnect` and this one uses `raiseExceptionOnNextCall` with parameters.
Maybe somewhere in the doc we should list all the possibilities/calls of the plugin.

## Developer Plugin

> :warning: The plugin is NOT intended to be used in production environments. It's designed for the purpose of testing.

The Developer Plugin allows developers to inject an exception to a connection and to verify how an application handles it. 

> Since some exceptions raised by the drivers happen rarely, testing for those might be difficult and require a lot of effort in building a testing environment. Exceptions associated with network outages are good example of those exceptions. It may require substantial efforts to design and to build a testing environment where such timeout exceptions could be produced with 100% accuracy and 100% guarantee. If test suite can't produce and verify such network outages cases with 100% accuracy it significantly decreases the value of such tests and makes the tests unstable and flaky. The Developer Plugins simplifies testing of such scenarios as shown below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since some exceptions raised by the drivers rarely happen, testing for those might be difficult and require a lot of effort in building a testing environment. Exceptions associated with network outages are a good example of those exceptions. It may require substantial efforts to design and build a testing environment where such timeout exceptions could be produced with 100% accuracy and 100% guarantee. If a test suite can't produce and verify such cases with 100% accuracy it significantly decreases the value of such tests and makes the tests unstable and flaky. The Developer Plugin simplifies testing of such scenarios as shown below.
```
?

> A new `dev` plugin should be added to connection plugins parameter in order to be able to intercept JDBC calls and raise a test exception when conditions are met.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `dev` plugin code should be added to the connection plugins parameter in order to be able to intercept JDBC calls and raise a test exception when conditions are met.
```
?

### Simulate an exception while opening a new connection

The plugin introduces a new class `ExceptionSimulationManager` that will handle how a given exception will be passed to the connection to be tested.

> In order to raise a test exception while opening a new connection, one should first create an instance of the exception to be tested, then use `raiseExceptionOnNextConnect` in `ExceptionSimulationManager` so it will be triggered at next connection attempt.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to raise a test exception while opening a new connection, first create an instance of the exception to be tested, then use `raiseExceptionOnNextConnect` in `ExceptionSimulationManager` so it will be triggered at next connection attempt.
```
?

Once the exception is raised, it will be cleared and will not be raised again. This means that the next opened connection will not raise the exception again.

```
final Properties properties = new Properties();
properties.setProperty(PropertyDefinition.PLUGINS.name, "dev");

final SQLException testExceptionToRaise = new SQLException("test");
ExceptionSimulatorManager.raiseExceptionOnNextConnect(testExceptionToRaise);

Connection connection = DriverManager.getConnection("jdbc:aws-wrapper:postgresql://db-host/", properties); // that throws the exception

Connection anotherConnection = DriverManager.getConnection("jdbc:aws-wrapper:postgresql://db-host/", properties); // it goes normal with no exception
```

### Simulate an exception with already opened connection

It is possible to also simulate an exception thrown in a connection after the connection has been opened.

> Similar to previous case, the exception is cleared up once it's raised and subsequent JDBC calls should go normal.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to previous case, the exception is cleared up once it's raised and subsequent JDBC calls should behave normally.  
```
?
